# 3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters
## Problem Description
Given a string s, find the length of the longest substring without repeating characters.

## Runtime
- 50 ms

## Memory
- 16.68 MB

## Intuition
The problem involves finding the length of the longest substring without repeating characters in a given string. This suggests a sliding window approach where we maintain a window (substring) and move it over the string to find the longest substring without repeating characters.

## Approach
1. Initialize an empty string `tmp` to store the current substring without repeating characters.
2. Initialize a variable `output` to store the length of the longest substring found so far.
3. Iterate through the characters of the input string `s`.
4. For each character `c`, check if it is not already present in the current substring `tmp`.
   - If `c` is not in `tmp`, add it to `tmp`.
     - Update `output` if the length of `tmp` is greater than `output`.
   - If `c` is already in `tmp`, remove all characters from `tmp` until the first occurrence of `c`, including `c`, and then add `c` to `tmp`.
5. Return the value of `output`, which represents the length of the longest substring without repeating characters.

## Complexity
- Time complexity: O(n), where n is the length of the input string `s`.
  - We iterate through the string once.
- Space complexity: O(k), where k is the length of the longest substring without repeating characters.
  - The space used by `tmp` can be at most the length of the longest substring without repeating characters.

## Code
```python
class Solution:
    def lengthOfLongestSubstring(self, s: str) -> int:
        tmp =""
        output = 0
        for i, c in enumerate(s):
            if c not in tmp:
                tmp += c
                if len(tmp) > output:
                    output = len(tmp)
            else :
                tmp = tmp[tmp.index(c)+1:]
                tmp += c
        return output
```