# 2. Add Two Numbers

## Problem Description
You are given two non-empty linked lists representing two non-negative integers. The digits are stored in reverse order, and each of their nodes contains a single digit. Add the two numbers and return the sum as a linked list.

You may assume the two numbers do not contain any leading zero, except the number 0 itself.

## Runtime
- 50 ms

## Memory
- 16.68 MB

## Intuition
The problem involves adding two numbers represented by linked lists. We traverse both linked lists simultaneously, performing addition digit by digit while keeping track of any carry. We create a new linked list to store the result.

## Approach
1. Initialize an output linked list with a dummy node.
2. Traverse both input linked lists simultaneously until both are exhausted or there is no carry left.
3. At each step, calculate the sum of the current digits along with the carry from the previous step.
4. Update the carry for the next step.
5. Create a new node with the value as the sum modulo 10 and append it to the output linked list.
6. Move to the next nodes in the input linked lists.
7. If one input linked list is shorter than the other, pad it with zeros.
8. Return the next node of the dummy node, which represents the actual start of the output linked list.

## Complexity
- Time complexity: O(max(m, n)), where m and n are the lengths of the input linked lists.
  - We iterate through both linked lists once.
- Space complexity: O(max(m, n)), where m and n are the lengths of the input linked lists.
  - The space used by the output linked list will be at most the length of the longer input linked list.

## Code
```
# Definition for singly-linked list.
# class ListNode:
#     def __init__(self, val=0, next=None):
#         self.val = val
#         self.next = next

class Solution:
    def addTwoNumbers(self, l1: Optional[ListNode], l2: Optional[ListNode]) -> Optional[ListNode]:
        output = ListNode(0)  # Initialize output with value 0
        tmp = output
        carry = 0  # Initialize carry to handle extra digit
        while l1 is not None or l2 is not None or carry != 0:  # Continue loop if there is carry or nodes left
            sum_val = carry
            if l1 is not None:
                sum_val += l1.val
                l1 = l1.next
            if l2 is not None:
                sum_val += l2.val
                l2 = l2.next
            carry = sum_val // 10
            tmp.next = ListNode(sum_val % 10)
            tmp = tmp.next
        return output.next  # Skip the initial dummy node

```